This app will display the temperature, wind speeds, and % of humidity at the coordinates user provides by either entering in specific coordinates, or clicking a button that will fetch coordinates based on the user’s 
current location. Then, when the user clicks “submit coordinates” weather conditions will be fetched through API calls to weather API, using the coordinates given by the user. If nonvalid coordinates were provided, 
the app will prompt the user of the error and not fulfill the request. The weather app will also display the level of recommended layer (light, medium, heavy, extreme) and other clothing items depending on the weather
conditions. 

A brief explanation of the level of recommended clothing will also be displayed. The levels of layers are light being t-shirt and shorts, medium being a long-sleeve shirt and jeans, heavy being medium + a 
jacket, and extreme being undershirt, jeans, long sleeve shirt, a winter coat with a hood, and an optional scarf or mittens. Other clothing items that can be recommended by the app are an umbrella if the % of humidity
is within a certain range, or a raincoat if the humidity exceeds a certain range.

There will also be a settings menu that can be accessed by tapping/clicking a navigation element that can be easily seen and found in the app. When a user accesses the settings menu, they will be able to set the temperature ranges for level 2(medium) min/max, level 3’s max. Temperatures below level 2’s min will suggest level 1, and temperatures above level 3’s max with suggest level 4. The user can also set numbers for the minimum/maximum % amount of humidity to recommend an umbrella, and humidities above the max will result in a raincoat being recommended. The settings menu will also allow optional clothing items being the scarf/mittens toggled on/off whether they should be recommended.  
The settings menu will also have a place where the user can select what temperature unit they want to use (Fahrenheit, Celsius, and Kelvin), and the units used for wind speed (miles/kilometers per hour). Finally, the settings menu will also have a button for saving changes. When the user tries to save, the app will check to make sure the requirements of no overlapping temperatures, minimum % of umbrella being less than maximum % of umbrella, and valid temperatures are fulfilled, else the user will be alerted of the error and not be allowed to save changes to settings until the 3 requirements are fulfilled.
